.TH PIPELINE_DISPATCHER 1 "May 2026" "stream-data-pipeline v2.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pipeline_dispatcher \- build and supervise the stream data applet pipeline
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pipeline_dispatcher
[IOPTIONSR] Isession_idR Isrc_dirR Idb_pathR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Bpipeline_dispatcherR validates one file-backed session and starts the
three-stage UNIX pipeline using the BusyBox-style single executable (BboxR):
.PP
.RS
.nf
box stream_merge | box log_parse --filter type=clip | box clip_store
.fi
.RE
.PP
It is a process orchestrator. It does not receive UDP/RTP packets, parse media
payloads, or convert B.binR data into MP4/MP3 files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \\-ttl " seconds"
TTL passed to Bclip_storeR. Default: B300R.
.TP
.BI \\-clip\-secs " n"
Clip window passed to Bstream_mergeR. Default: B5R.
.TP
.BI \\-idle\-secs " n"
Idle timeout passed to Bstream_mergeR. Default: B2R.
.TP
.BI \\-filter " expr"
Filter expression passed to Blog_parseR. Default: Btype=clipR.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \\-help
Print a usage summary and exit.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I session_id
Session identifier. The dispatcher expects Isrc_dir/session_id.binR and
Isrc_dir/session_id.meta.jsonlR to exist or become available according to
the stream_merge contract.
.TP
.I src_dir
Directory containing the session artifacts.
.TP
.I db_path
Path to the clip_store file-backed database.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
All children exited successfully.
.TP
.B 1
Setup or validation failure.
.TP
.B 2
Invalid command-line arguments.
.TP
.B 3
At least one child exited non-zero or was killed by a signal.
.TP
.B 130
Interrupted by SIGINT or SIGTERM after child cleanup.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.RS
.nf
box pipeline_dispatcher --ttl 300 --clip-secs 5 demo /tmp/stream/demo /tmp/clips.db
.fi
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR stream_merge (1),
.BR log_parse (1),
.BR clip_store (1)
